Add display 4, remap display sizes in theme next (#3495)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: .changeset/bright-dogs-raise.md

---
"@salt-ds/theme": minor
---

> Added display 4 text tokens, having same same value with display 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added display 4 text tokens, which have the same value as display 3.
```
